whether you are starting over on
Instagram or starting fresh for the very
first time in this video I'm going to
walk you through everything that you
need to know to start from zero on
Instagram in 2024 and grow to have a
successful account whether your goal is
10,000 followers in a month 100,000
followers in a year having a couple
videos go viral or growing a business
through Instagram in 2024 you're in the
right place and I'm going to walk you
through the actual steps in the right
order to grow on Instagram and have
success
and in case this is the first ever
episode or video that you've watched
before and you have no idea who I am my
name is Brock Johnson and I am an
Instagram growth expert it's my job to
help other people grow on Instagram
we've helped over 40,000 people through
our insta Club Hub grow and successfully
make more sales make more money a
greater income on Instagram I've also
personally coached over 500
entrepreneurs through one-on-one
coaching which I no longer offer by the
way I've spoken on stages around the
world I've become a consultant for meta
themselves eles and I've personally
grown my own Instagram account to now
over 700,000 followers and I've done all
of this by relying on a few key
strategies which I'm going to be
teaching to you today and while there
have been some viral videos and while we
definitely do run ads in our business
the primary driver of our growth and of
our sales has been organic posting that
means I'm getting views for free and I'm
not having to pay to play and I also
want to say that it is absolutely still
possible to grow on Instagram while you
might hear the negative NES out there
telling you that only Instagram coaches
are the ones growing anymore that's
absolutely not true we have dozens of
members inside the insta clubhub with
well over 100,000 followers and in fact
the most viewed real in the history of
Instagram was created by an insta
clubhub member and while I'm not going
to hold back or gatekeep any lessons to
share with you today of course I can
only fit so much into one YouTube video
or one podcast so if you want all of my
Advanced and most up-to-date strategies
including monthly live trainings
trending audios templates for reels
hooks stories and so much more you can
try out the insta Club hub for 2 weeks
for just $7 that's the entire insta Club
Hub you get access to everything for 2
weeks for just $7 by visiting insta
clubhub.com or clicking on the link down
in the show notes below but of course
I'm going to give you a ton of Juicy
valuable education in this episode as it
is so buckle up because we're about to
go on a wild ride that starts today with
growing your Instagram before we get
into tip number one I want to address
the topic of should you start start over
or should you kind of just start with
what you already have with an existing
account maybe you've had it for a couple
years but you haven't really taken it
seriously which should you choose which
is best I did an entire episode of build
your tribe in the past about this topic
and whether or not you should start over
I give you kind of like a checklist and
if you check off a certain number of
boxes then I would recommend starting a
new account but today's episode while it
will be applicable and helpful for those
of you who are continuing on with your
existing accounts it's most going to
apply to and it's going to be most
specifically addressing those of you who
are starting from zero followers whether
you're opening your first ever Instagram
account you've never downloaded the app
before or you are deciding to start over
start fresh and uh you know try
Instagram again in 2024 you are really
who I'm going to be talking to in
today's episode and the first thing that
you need to be doing tip number one
before you even create your username or
open up your new account you need to
figure out what is your Niche and listen
I know a lot of people people hate this
word I know a lot of people have
different definitions for this word and
what it means I'm going to try to walk
you through right now what Niche means
and I no one mentioned the insta clubhub
earlier we have an entire like hourlong
training inside the insta clubhub
talking about how to find your Niche so
I say that just to tell you that this is
a big topic and one that is going to be
tough for me to cover in the next few
minutes but I'll try my best so first of
all how do I define niche when I tell
you that you need to pick your Niche I
Define it in two parts part of it is who
you are posting for also known as your
ideal audience your Target demographic
and you should air on the side of
specificity you should try to know
everything that you can about this
person oftentimes when we start this
conversation with our clients and we say
who is your ideal audience I hear things
like women or people who want to lose
weight or moms and while this is a good
first step these aren't specific enough
because a mom of three in her 20s is
very different than a mom who's an empty
nester in her 50s a mom of one in her
30s in the midwest likely has different
problems concerns and challenges than an
upper class mom of 12 living in
Rochester New York and the reason that I
say this is because when you get crystal
clear with who your audience is it makes
it easier for you to create content it
makes it easier for that audience to
find you and to follow you and it makes
it easier for the algorithm to learn
that oh this is the kind of audience
this person is trying to attract this is
the kind of audience that enjoys this
person's content the most so let's make
sure that this person's content AKA you
your content is shown to that group of
people but the more vanilla the more
wishy-washy the more back and forth you
go with who your ideal audience is the
tougher it is for you to create the
tougher it is for them to consume and
the tougher it is for the algorithm to
recommend so you need to get crystal
clear with that ideal audience and then
the second part of the niche is the what
what are you going to be talking about
you could be talking to young mom of
multiple children in the midwest but
what are you going to be talking to them
about and I use the word talking because
often times when I say things like what
are you going to help them with or what
are you going to teach them there are
people who are like well hey I'm not
teaching anything or hey I'm not helping
people I create art but recently I've
been trying to make my teachings a
little bit more broadly accessible by
saying that it's the what you're going
to be talking about and of course you
might not even be talking you might just
be showing you might be displaying your
art you might be doing uh tours of home
homes if you're a real estate agent
you're not necessarily talking but I
just like to use that word talking
because there's got to be a topic right
there has to be some sort of focused
topic and when I say topic again I often
hear things like Fitness weight loss
oils and these things are broad these
are generic these are uh Industries if
you will but I want to get specific
Within These Industries so rather than
weight loss what about 30 minute atome
workouts instead of focusing on oils as
a whole maybe you're going to focus on
natural detoxified cleaning products but
that's what you need to get crystal
clear on that's step one and you can't
take step two before you take step one
you can't set up your profile and start
posting reals until you know who you are
posting for and I want to sell you a few
things number one you can change your
Niche at any time you need to pick it
first the only wrong choice is no Niche
so you have to pick something but you
can change it in the future you're not
getting it tattooed on the forehead
you're not marrying your Niche it's not
something you're stuck with for the rest
of your your life you could change it a
few months from now no harm no foul and
you won't be starting from zero you
won't be starting from nothing you'll be
starting with all of that knowledge that
you've already learned so don't worry
about wasting time by picking the wrong
Niche there is no wrong Niche the only
wrong thing here like I said is not
picking a niche so pick a niche and then
worst case scenario it's a few months
from now and you've learned a lot you've
created a lot of content you've really
figured out what your true calling is or
what you really want to post about and
then you can start over with all of that
knowledge heading into it so don't worry
even if you start over you won't be
starting from zero but you need to just
pick your Niche and while there is no
right or wrong Niche there are certainly
things that might be uh more broadly
appealing less broadly appealing there
might be things uh that you know your
ideal audience in one Niche is more
affluent they have more Capital you know
more spending power than another Niche
there might be one Niche that is more
heavily on Instagram than Tik Tok but
generally speaking those aren't things
that you necessarily need to worry about
at this stage instead I want you to
figure out your zone of Genius I want
you to figure out what is the thing that
you're Juiced to talk about what is the
thing that you would corner someone at a
party and talk about them for the next
two hours like the next dinner party you
go to if they put you on the spot and
they're like hey you got to talk about
this one thing for the entire rest of
the night you could do it try to figure
out what that is some of the things that
I often find helpful when you are
picking your Niche is thinking about
what problems does my product service or
offers solve if you already have a
product service or offers you can also
think about what area or stage of life
was I just a part of that I have now
moved on from graduated from or figured
out so maybe you're a mom of twins and
that means that you just moved on from
being a mom of kids so you feel very
credible and you feel very well-versed
and knowledgeable in helping moms of
kids because your kids just were kids
and now they're twins and along those
same lines oftentimes your ideal
demographic is either going to be your
demographic like who you are or who you
just were so it's the demographic that
you were just a part of and now you've
kind of moved on from or it might even
be exactly describing who you are today
because often times like attracts like
but once you have your Niche Crystal
Clear it's time to set up your brand new
Instagram account of course the very
first thing you're going to have to pick
is a username now should your name be
your username I would say yes or
something close to your name if you plan
on this being a person personal brand a
personal brand is like my Instagram if
you go to my Instagram which is Brock 11
Johnson I'm in every piece of content
I'm in every video I'm the center I'm
the focal point my post will not perform
well if suddenly there's some random
person in the videos people expect my
voice they expect to see me it is a
personal brand it is a brand built
around who I am this is different than
something like an Etsy shop or a
boutique business or a coffee shop or
any other brand that you can think of if
you are running a brand that's going to
be a faceless Brand number one know that
that is okay that's totally fine number
two expect slightly slower growth
because people often times are more
likely to follow people than they are
faceless generic brand accounts that is
definitely true and number three when
you select your username of course you
want your username to reflect the brand
name I will say if you have a personal
brand a pro tip if you can if your name
is short enough or if you use kind of
like a abbreviated name or Nick name
consider including a keyword related to
your Niche or industry in your username
so maybe you are Brenda c. fashion or
maybe you are Brock j. Fitness including
these sorts of keywords in your username
is not necessary but it can help you out
in the future with SEO and it can help
you out when new people land on your
profile boom they immediately know what
your topic is or what you are going to
be posting about one other Pro tip as we
move off of username is try to keep it
simple don't try to make it super long
don't do any repeat letters like if I
was like Brock and I put a bunch of like
cks at the end I was like it's seven C's
and then 6ks that would be confusing and
hard to find so try to avoid those uh
some ways that you can do that is
including periods or underscores or one
to two letters in your username that can
often times uh be an easy way to include
your name in your username I think a
very common thing that a lot of people
do as well is they'll put their name and
they'll put official or jpg like jpeg
that's a pretty popular one with
photographers that I always think is a
smart and cute way to add on to your
username and make sure that you can
actually get your name but just keep it
simple don't overthink your username
again this is something that can be
changed the majority of what we're
talking about today can be changed down
the line besides your username of course
you need your profile picture if you are
creating an Instagram for a brand I
would recommend using the Brand's logo
as your profile picture but make sure
that the logo is designed to be a
profile picture not a logo that you
would like slap on a banner or put above
your storefront because often times
those logos are longer they have full
words they have small text they have
your tagline they might even have your
phone number and contact information on
them think about it like Google Google's
profile picture doesn't say G GLE e and
have like the little Rainbow font that
they use it just has the rainbow G that
g was designed to be an icon it was
designed to be a profile picture so if
your business doesn't currently have a
profile picture version of your logo
consider using a tool like Fiverr or
even canva to create your own but of
course if you're using a personal brand
then you want you the person of that
personal brand to be in your profile
picture but make sure it's a closeup a
well zoomed in a well-lit selfie and
remove the background so that you really
stand out and pop off the page it makes
you look a lot more professional and it
allows your Instagram profile picture to
stand out from the crowd don't use the
family photo don't use the picture of
you and your bestie use a singular photo
of you super close cropped in really I
would say from the mid chest up if not
just the neck and the face that we can
really see your face and that we're
drawn in moving on from the profile
picture the next most important line
which is a line that a lot of people
Overlook is what's called your name line
that's what Instagram calls it at least
what I call it is your Instagram title
this is the Bold text that is below your
profile picture and above the text in
your bio and because this is called the
name line on Instagram of course most
people just put their first and last
name and think that's what they're
supposed to do and while Instagram might
tell you that's what you're supposed to
do as a marketer I can tell you that
there's actually a lot more that you can
do and that I would recommend that you
should do with that name line that name
line has recently been expanded so now
it can have over 50 characters which
means you have a lot of space to include
not just your name but and here's the
key some keywords or some titles that
relate to your account your Niche or
what you are going to be posting about
so for example if you look at my name
line on Instagram it says Instagram
growth coach it says that because that's
likely something that people are going
to be searching for it used to say IG
growth coach however I changed it
because I started to pull my audience I
started to look at Google search Trends
and way more people are searching for
Instagram growth coach than IG growth
coach so when I switch to Instagram
growth coach I thus had a wider group of
people or a larger pool of people that
were searching for me and my name on
Instagram every single day for those of
you who are concerned about metav
verified you might be an advanced
thinker and you might already be worried
about but Brock I want to get meta
verified so don't I have to have my name
on that line yes great point just put
your name and then put a hyphen and then
put your title so I would put like Brock
hyphen Instagram growth coach or Brock
Johnson hyphen Instagram growth coach so
that I could be met a verif ified I
could get the blue check mark and yet I
could still have that little SEO boost
by having my title and some keywords in
my name line moving on below the name
line is the actual bio the bio of course
is where you tell people what to expect
from your account and your bio you
should think of it like a billboard
because the amount of time people are
going to spend reading your bio is very
similar to the amount of time people
will read a billboard when they're
driving by on a highway at 70 mph
basically it's like 2 or 3 seconds
before they make their decision so we
don't have time to mince words we don't
have time to use Insider lingo that no
one is going to know unless they already
follow you we're not going to use
acronyms that people don't know unless
they already follow you or unless
they're like already an expert in your
field we're going to use layman's terms
we're going to use generic terms that
are understood by your average ideal
audience member that's number one number
two we're not going to include any
miscellaneous extraneous information
we're not going to include the fun facts
about how many kids you have and how
many pets you have and how you love
skiing and your favorite kind of wine
and how you're a Virgo and all these
other different passions and interests
and hobbies people don't care when
they're reading your bio when they're
reading your bio it's because they saw
one of your posts and they thought this
was a great post about rock climbing so
they clicked on your profile and now
they're quickly skimming your bio and if
your bio is like I give tips for
beginner rock climbers I help people
learn how to rock climb at age 40 plus
whatever then they're like oh I can
expect more about rock climbing from
this person I should follow them but
instead if they see a great post about
rock climbing and they click on your
profile and they see that you have seven
kids and that you live in northeastern
Utah and you love to ski on the weekends
and you're a wine enthusiast and you
have two fur babies they're like n okay
this was one great post but I'm not
likely going to follow this person I
can't expect to get any more content
like that I can expect to get photos of
their kids and their dogs which is great
like listen my phone's full of pictures
of my dogs pictures of the dogs are
great and I don't mean to jump ahead of
myself here but uh those pict pictures
those personal photos of your kids and
your dogs and yourself on date night
those don't go on Instagram all right
but back to the bio I digress your bio
should be no more than four lines and
that's because if you go past the fourth
line if you go on to the fifth and sixth
line Instagram will truncate it it will
cut off your bio with a dot dot dot more
and last time I checked ain't nobody
taking the time to read your fifth and
sixth and seventh and eighth line of
your bio so keep it to four lines or
less and really there's just three key
lines that you need to make sure you hit
number one articulate who your Niche is
articulate what your Niche is basically
tell us what your Instagram is going to
be about tell us why we should follow
you in one sentence or less one even
abbreviated sentence is better than one
full sentence try to keep it brief keep
it very short tell us what is your Niche
what's the topic and who are you posting
for try to focus on the problem that
people are experiencing try to focus on
the issues that people are having try to
focus on the pain point points that
people your ideal audience is struggling
with in that first line the second line
is where things can get a little bit
creative and this might be the second
and third line again I said you could
have four uh but this second key element
that your bio needs is articulating your
background or your credibility or your
why or even adding on to that first line
kind of explaining a little bit more of
why you do what you do or how you do
what you do for example I might say that
I grew 400,000 followers in two years or
I might say that uh I've coached 40,000
people through our Instagram Club those
things speak to my credibility and for
anyone who's doubting me after reading
that first line they can read the second
line and be like oh okay so that's why I
should trust this person and then the
third or fourth line depending on how
you structure it the third key element
though is a call to action basically the
bottom line of your bio should tell
people what you want them to do next do
you want them to watch your stories
every single day do you have a pinned
post that you want to make sure they
check out do you want them to click the
link in your bio because you're running
a flash sale do you want them to send
you a direct message with the word hello
because that's the best way to get
started you tell them what you want them
to do next with that last line of your
bio that's the bio and that's pretty
much the majority of the whole setup
process everything we've been talking
about so far is before posting it's
before growth it's before announcing
that you have a new Instagram this is
all just account setup and I should
mention of course you can add a link in
your bio if you already have a link
ready I do recommend using a single link
rather than a link tree because of the
whole analysis paralysis thing because
of the idea that when you present people
with multiple options they're less
likely to pick any of the options but
adress if you have a link go ahead stick
it in your bio but now let's start
talking about the growth let's start
talking about the posting the exciting
things what I'm about to say is either
going to really excite you or really bum
you out your first 12 to 15 posts are
not going to get very much engagement
and in fact you shouldn't care you
shouldn't be trying to get very much
engagement you shouldn't be trying to
attract followers what we're doing is
actually just creating almost like a
portfolio of content for people to look
at when they land on your profile
imagine it like this you're a
photographer you create a new website
and then after creating that website you
tell all your friends you post about it
on social media you send an email out to
your email list telling them to go click
but when they land on the website
there's nothing but a sign that says
hello and that's it there's no photos
there's no portfolio there's no book now
there's nothing to consume well what's
the point of promoting the website
what's the point of to grow if there's
nothing for them to look at and along
those same lines you wouldn't tell
people to look at it as the post are
still uploading right as you're
uploading the photos to your photography
website as your portfolio you wouldn't
send out the email and tell your friends
to check while that upload bar is still
spinning right you would wait for it to
finish you would wait for your full
portfolio to be uploaded before you tell
people to check it out the same is true
with your Instagram profile we need 12
to 15 posts up there posted so that
people have things to look at when they
land on your profile your first second
third fourth fifth post are probably not
going to go viral I'm going to say
99.999% of the time they're not going to
go viral but we don't need them to
that's not the goal that's not the
purpose yet we're just having something
for people to look at another analogy
would be we have to have clothes out
when people walk into the department
store right we can't have people walking
into the fashion store and they're
looking around for clothes and you're
like oh we're bringing those out right
now we wanted to make sure we had
customers first and then we would bring
out the clothes no you put out the
clothes and then the customers come you
post the posts and then the followers
come so 12 to 15 posts that are all
major key major key alert they're all
related to your Niche every single one
of those posts is solving a problem
addressing a paino answering a question
educating your audience every single
post on your Instagram for those first
12 to 15 are going to be related to your
Niche and even after those first 12 to
15 I would recommend that the vast
majority of your feed posts that's the
pictures carousels and reels that you're
posting on Instagram the vast majority
of those should be related to your Niche
at all times and because you have no
followers because you haven't even
announced this new account because
likely no one is going to be seeing
these new posts it doesn't matter when
you post them so as soon as you have
them ready post them if it takes you a
month to get to 12 to 15 then it takes
you a month before we're going to
announce the new account but we need to
make sure that we have 12 to 15 posts
posted before we even announce the new
account before we even start promoting
it or trying to grow again if it takes
you a month it takes you a month ideally
you would create all of the content and
then you can just like post it all at
once literally in one evening just post
all of the posts back to back to back to
back because again you're not worried
about engagement we're just creating a
portfolio of things to look at also
during this time you're going to post
four different sets of Instagram stories
and I want to say sets because there's
no ideal number whether it's 1602 story
or 12 stories that are all text post
stories I'm just going to say four
different groups if you will will of
Instagram stories and these four
different groups are going to fall into
the four following categories number one
is a start here so this is going to be a
very simple Story Probably a text post
story would be best that just kind of
lays the foundation for what people
should expect from your profile what
people should expect to learn or get out
of following you why they should follow
you maybe just basically if you were to
show someone a little tiny poster when
they followed you what would you want
that poster to say maybe you're going to
express some gratitude or something like
that but basically just a start here the
second one is an about me so telling
them about you but through the lens of
your Niche so we don't need to know
about your childhood best friend unless
that somehow relates to what you're
talking about on Instagram talk about
yourself as it relates to what you're
talking about on Instagram number three
can be your background maybe a little
bit more about your business maybe a
little more about your offers and that's
number four is your offer so if you have
any sort of products or offers or
opportunities that you want to tell
people about create a story group a a
series of stories about said thing then
once you have those four stories posted
create a highlight for each one of those
four topics now we have the username the
profile picture we have the Instagram
name AKA title we have a 3 to four line
bio we have four Instagram highlights
and we have 12 to 15 Instagram posts now
you're ready for launch now we have the
rocket ship fully built we are fueled up
and ready to go it's time to blast that
new Instagram account everywhere you
have Facebook groups email threads text
group chats other social medias if you
have another Instagram account an old
Instagram account promote it on there
promote it every single day promote it
as much as you feel fit until you start
to feel like man I am overwhelming
people and getting annoying but at least
a few times for that first week to make
sure that people are aware of this brand
new account then from there it's time to
start posting how much should you post
you tell me you tell me based off what
you can sustain I could give you an
ideal goal and if you need me to then
sure I'll set you a goal at five posts
per week however that's just kind of a
random number of course it is true that
consistency is King and yes it is true
statistically speaking that the more you
post the more you grow instead of giving
you a number to shoot for instead of
giving you a universal goal I want you
to base it off of a few things number
one you have a brand new audience you
have people who don't know you they
don't have that trust and that
likeability factor with you yet and so
early on you might want to post less
frequently than someone like myself
who's posting two or three times a day
you might only want to post once a day
or five times a week which is less than
once a day or maybe even three times a
week one every other day when you're
first getting started but rather than
worrying about what number I set for you
or what number any coach will tell you
focus on what you can sustain what can
you realistically sustain creating and
posting if you are in a very busy season
of life then maybe you're only going to
sustain two to three posts a week to
your feed maybe you're in a season where
you're all in on Instagram and you're
totally focused and you can pump out one
to two posts a day that's awesome we're
all in different stages so rather than
trying to achieve some random number
that some random Instagram Guru sets for
you focus on what you can sustain and
then challenge yourself to do just a
little bit more turn up that dial just a
little bit because as you push yourself
outside of your comfort zone that's
where growth comes from right I mean in
life and on Instagram growth comes when
we push ourselves a little bit past
where we're comfortable so push yourself
to be a little bit more consistent than
you think you can comfortably maintain
and sustain in terms of the timing of
those posts there is no Universal best
time to post so just experiment maybe
your audience is more active at 6:00 in
the morning or 4: in the afternoon or 2:
in the morning or around lunchtime just
experiment by posting at different times
to figure out when your audience is most
likely to engage so we covered how much
to post we covered when to post let's
talk about what to post of course what
to post is such a big question but
generally speaking your content should
fall into one of three categories it
should be either educational
entertaining or inspiring one of those
three if not two or even all three at
once but more broadly than that here's a
few things that I think you should
consider when you are creating content
number one would a stranger care to see
this would someone who does not know me
care to see this once you've created
this video would a stranger care to see
it if only your grandma or or your close
friends or your mom would care to see it
you probably shouldn't post it you
should send it to your grandma or your
mom or your close friends another
question is does it relate to my Niche
and I know we've talked about this one
already but it needs to in some way
speak to that ideal follower and or
speak about that topic that you promised
you would be talking about in your posts
and then in terms of your content the
biggest key to success in 2024 is
focusing on share worthy content not
content that's super educational and
gets a ton of saves not stuff that's
just kind of cute or pretty and is going
to get a ton of likes our goal is to
create content that gets shared by other
people things that someone sees and they
want to send it in their group chat they
want to post it on their Instagram
stories they want to send it to their
spouse and say this is so you those
sorts of posts those are the ones that
do the best those are the ones that help
you grow your following reach new people
and even go viral so what are sharew
worthy posts they generally fall into
the four following categories number one
they evoke emotions they evoke strong
emotions they make you move they make
you cry they make you laugh hysterically
they make you smile from ear to ear
things that evoke emotions are highly
sharew worthy the second kind of posts
that are highly sharew worthy are Call
to Arms or at least that's what I call
them it's essentially the kinds of post
that's like hey we need your support a
great example from Recently is this mom
who is dying of cancer and she assigned
away the licensing rights to a song that
she wrote and created to her son so the
idea is and she said this herself is
that after she passes everyone who
streams that song and all the money
generated from streaming that song goes
to her son well she posted about this on
Instagram and the shares are going crazy
the amount of people reusing this song
making videos of this song and sharing
her story are bananas to the point where
it's reached A-list celebrities and her
account has grown massively and the
streams of that song have blown up
because it's a call to Arms it's
essentially saying we need your help
We're All in This Together help me out
number three are relatable posts most
specifically being meme content memes of
course don't have to just be static
images they can be videos they can be
gifts they can be pop culture moments
but the sort of thing that when you see
it you say that's so me or that's so us
relatable content is highly highly
sharew worthy because it's a very easy
way to say that hey I relate to this
this is me I think this is funny I agree
with this without having to create the
content
themselves the people who are following
you can share your post and say oh my
gosh I totally feel the same way and
this person just said it in a funny way
so relatable content that's number three
The Fourth Kind of content that is
highly sharew Worthy is breaking news
content and I know you might be thinking
well I don't have breaking news in my
Niche I'm not talking about politics I'm
not talking about sports on my Instagram
but I would argue that almost every
Niche does have some factor of breaking
news in it whether you are a real estate
agent and you're going to talk about
some new proposals that are being
developed in your local area or you're
someone in essential oils who is going
to talk about this latest uh headline
news story on CNN that is actually not
true based off what you believe you can
talk about pop culture you can talk
about breaking news you can talk about
these popular subjects and uh headline
stories no matter what industry you're
in as long as you can find a way to
relate it to your Niche there we have it
that is what you need to know to grow in
2024 should you you post reals or
carousels or photos yes you should post
all three none of them are necessarily
any better based off the current
algorithm and how it stands than the
rest so test things out to figure out
what your audience prefers the most and
know going into it that there is not a
best kind of content it's not like reals
always perform better than photos or
carousels or the best they all perform
differently for different audiences but
generally speaking within the algorithm
they're pretty equal and if you're
worried about wait wait wait but Brock
what about stories stories are a great
way to make sales they're a great way to
build trust and relationships but
stories don't help you grow it's the
feed posts that help you grow it's the
feed posts that will reach new people
and allow you to convert them into
followers and hopefully one day
customers of course Instagram is a beast
and there's only so much that we could
cover in today's episode so I highly
recommend checking out some of the past
build your tribe episodes where we've
dived a little bit deeper into creating
reals or how to schedule posts or how to
get more views on stories those sorts of
things should definitely help you but if
nothing else today's episode you now
know how to get started on Instagram and
how to grow in 2024 just remember that
the only wrong action is in action so I
encourage you today take what you've
learned put it into practice create that
new account and just press post your
first post will be nowhere near your
100th post but the only way to get to
your 100th post is to post 99 times
before that so start posting start
putting yourself out there you will have
success eventually eventually not
immediately but definitely and
eventually you will have success thank
you for being here today don't forget to
subscribe if you enjoyed today's episode
I'll see you next time and as always
happy
[Music]
networking